[build] Add SC_COVERAGE flag check (#35)
ostis-ai/sc-machine: sc-memory/sc-core/CMakeLists.txt

  PRIVATE ${GLIB2_INCLUDE_DIRS} 
  PRIVATE ${RocksDB_INCLUDE_DIR}
  )
target_link_libraries(sc-core ${GLIB2_LIBRARIES} ${RocksDB_LIBRARIES})
if(${SC_COVERAGE} AND CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID MATCHES "GNU")

> 	target_link_libraries(sc-core gcov)

Reviewer: Can we try something like this instead?
```suggestion
	target_link_options(sc-core INTERFACE --coverage)
```

> if(${SC_COVERAGE} AND CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID MATCHES "GNU")
> 	target_link_libraries(sc-core gcov)

Reviewer: This change would allow us to fail properly when COVERAGE + `clang` is used.
```suggestion
if(${SC_COVERAGE})
  if (CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID MATCHES "GNU")
	  target_link_libraries(sc-core gcov)
  else()
    message(SEND_ERROR "Currently, code coverage is supported only with GCC as a compiler")
  endif()
endif()
```
